This code generates solutions for the "maximal" violations of the i3322 
inequality for very large dimensions based on the iterative method from Pal and 
Vertesi in: [arXiV:1096.3032](https://arxiv.org/abs/1006.3032).

Their method of setting $c_i = +0.9$ for $1 \leq i < n/2$ and $c_i = -0.9$ for 
$n/2 < i < n$ as an initial guess and running the iterative method appears to 
work well up to about $n = 209$. Afterwards, numerical noise starts to make the
solution asymmetric and slightly inferior. This code corrects for this by 
starting with the $n = 209$ solution generated by the initial guess and the
iterative method and "extending" the solution two dimensions at a time. 

The extension finds the the "flattest" point of the $c$-"curve" and duplicating
the element at that point. This is then used as a new initial guess to
warm-start the iterative method.

To make the coding easier, designate $c_0 = 1$ and assume $c_n = -1$. 

# How to run the code
First, you will need to install [`numpy`](https://numpy.org/doc/2.1/index.html) 
and [`scipy`](https://scipy.org/).

```python i3322_tridiagonal.py [options]```

To reproduce the results here:

```python i3322_tridiagonal.py --end 501 out_dir=results```

All of the options you can specify:
- `start`: start at this dimension, using Pal-Vertesi's initial guess.
- `end`: extend the solution to this dimension, two at a time, if not specified,
    extend until the value stops improving. Be careful! We are trying to
    distinguish between differences of `1e-15`, so there could be a lot of
    noise, sometimes the value will look like it has gone down, but it hasn't.
    You can see this in some of the generated results, such as between 375.m and
    377.m.
- `tol`: for the iterative method, continue to iterate if the value difference 
    between iterations is greater than this value.
- `force_symmetry`: if after a step in the iterative method, the solution is 
    asymmetric about $n/2$, force it to be symmetric.
- `warm_start`: use the "extension" method described above, or use the 
    Pal-Vertesi initial guess only.
- `out_dir`: If specified, write results to this folder.

Defaults are provided for all of the options, so it's possible to run this code
without any arguments. This is the same as running:

```
python i3322_tridiagonal.py --start 209 --tol 1e-20 --force_symmetry False
```
